Update checklist.md (#2289)
mate-academy/layout_search-bar-airbnb: checklist.md

10. [TESTS] - Remember, each search bar should be located in separate
form element.

> 11. [DESIGN] - After you added custom styles (border and shadow) to focused field,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. [DESIGN] - After you added custom focus styles (border and shadow),
```
